meanwhile in Washington US President Joe
Biden has said that Israel runs the risk
of losing support around the world let's
get more on that now from sheab ransi
who joins us uh at the White House sheab
what more do we know about what Biden
said at this uh campaign
Adit and we should be very clear this
was a campaign fundraiser for the
presidential campaign this was not an
official White House presidential event
when he's campaigning he's Biden the
candidate he's not Biden the president
and what he said was according to the
pool report at a ballroom at a hotel not
far from here is BB has got a tough
decision to make referring to pres to
prime minister Netanyahu this is the
most conservative government in Israel's
history Biden said adding that the
government doesn't want a two-state
solution Israel is starting to lose
support around the world Biden said
Netanyahu quote has to strengthen and
change end quote the Israeli government
to find a long-term solution to the
Israeli pales inian conflict so what do
we make of that this is these are
remarks to his donors and there is some
une and of course when when when Biden
is talking about Netanyahu losing
support he could also perhaps be talking
about himself and the base of the
democratic party because of the cart
blanch the green light that Biden has
given to his old friend Benjamin nanahu
to basically bombard Gaza and and
meanwhile with the US also giving
complete cover at the United Nations and
elsewhere despite that growing
opposition that that by
is acknowledging here but he's doing so
as a candidate he's also seemingly
seeming to think that Netanyahu has some
kind of political career ahead of him to
strengthen and change the Israeli
government when actually I think if you
ask a lot of people in Imran perhaps and
might know B more about this than than I
you there is that sense that as soon as
the the bombing stops netanyahu's own
position we'll be in trouble but as far
as Biden is concerned to his donors for
his presidential campaign Netanyahu
quote has to strengthen and change the
Israeli government to find a long-term
solution to the Israeli Palestinian
conflict but he also adds that Israel is
losing support as a result of the
campaign and the White House therefore
is sheab thank you